CSM-7044: Backend Support: Edit child accounts of an Org (#29)
uptycslabs/terraform-aws-org-integration: README.md

| integration_name               | Prefix to be used for naming new resources                             | `string` | `UptycsIntegration` |          |
| upt_account_id                 | Uptycs AWS account ID                                                  | `string` | `""`                | Yes      |
| aws_account_id                 | AWS organization's master account ID                                   | `string` | `""`                | Yes      |
| external_id                    | External ID                                                            | `uuid4`  | `""`                | Yes      |
| vpc_flowlogs_bucket_name       | Name of the S3 bucket in master for VPC flow logs                      | `string` | `""`                | Optional |
| cloudtrail_s3_bucket_name      | Name of the organization's cloud trail S3 bucket                       | `string` | `""`                | Optional |
| cloudtrail_s3_bucket_in_master | Specifies whether the cloudtrail s3 bucket is in master account or not | `bool`   | `true`              |          |

> | cloudtrail_s3_bucket_account   | Child Account id in which the cloudtrail S3 bucket exists              | `string` | `""`                | Optional |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| cloudtrail_s3_bucket_account   | Child Account id in which the cloudtrail S3 bucket exists ()              | `string` | `""`                | Required when cloudtrail_s3_bucket_in_master = false |
```

Reviewer: Can you make sure we fail the case when cloudtrail_s3_bucket_in_master=false and this is not set?
Then you don't need to chane "Required column"
